Wall St. Bears Claw Back Into the Black (Reuters) Reuters - Short-sellers, Wall Street's dwindling\band of ultra-cynics, are seeing green again.
Carlyle Looks Toward Commercial Aerospace (Reuters) Reuters - Private investment firm Carlyle Group,\which has a reputation for making well-timed and occasionally\controversial plays in the defense industry, has quietly placed\its bets on another part of the market.
Oil and Economy Cloud Stocks' Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Soaring crude prices plus worries\about the economy and the outlook for earnings are expected to\hang over the stock market next week during the depth of the\summer doldrums.
Iraq Halts Oil Exports from Main Southern Pipeline (Reuters) Reuters - Authorities have halted oil export\flows from the main pipeline in southern Iraq after\intelligence showed a rebel militia could strike\infrastructure, an oil official said on Saturday.
Oil prices soar to all-time record, posing new menace to US economy (AFP) AFP - Tearaway world oil prices, toppling records and straining wallets, present a new economic menace barely three months before the US presidential elections.
Stocks End Up, But Near Year Lows (Reuters) Reuters - Stocks ended slightly higher on Friday\but stayed near lows for the year as oil prices surged past #36;46\a barrel, offsetting a positive outlook from computer maker\Dell Inc. (DELL.O)
Money Funds Fell in Latest Week (AP) AP - Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds fell by #36;1.17 billion in the latest week to #36;849.98 trillion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday.
Fed minutes show dissent over inflation (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Retail sales bounced back a bit in July, and new claims for jobless benefits fell last week, the government said Thursday, indicating the economy is improving from a midsummer slump.
Safety Net (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - After earning a PH.D. in Sociology, Danny Bazil Riley started to work as the general manager at a commercial real estate firm at an annual base salary of #36;70,000. Soon after, a financial planner stopped by his desk to drop off brochures about insurance benefits available through his employer. But, at 32, "buying insurance was the furthest thing from my mind," says Riley.
Wall St. Bears Claw Back Into the Black NEW YORK (Reuters) - Short-sellers, Wall Street's dwindling band of ultra-cynics, are seeing green again.
Oil and Economy Cloud Stocks' Outlook NEW YORK (Reuters) - Soaring crude prices plus worries about the economy and the outlook for earnings are expected to hang over the stock market next week during the depth of the summer doldrums.
No Need for OPEC to Pump More-Iran Gov TEHRAN (Reuters) - OPEC can do nothing to douse scorching oil prices when markets are already oversupplied by 2.8 million barrels per day (bpd) of crude, Iran's OPEC governor said Saturday, warning that prices could fall sharply.
Non-OPEC Nations Should Up Output-Purnomo JAKARTA (Reuters) - Non-OPEC oil exporters should consider increasing output to cool record crude prices, OPEC President Purnomo Yusgiantoro said on Sunday.
Google IPO Auction Off to Rocky Start WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The auction for Google Inc.'s highly anticipated initial public offering got off to a rocky start on Friday after the Web search company sidestepped a bullet from U.S. securities regulators.
Dollar Falls Broadly on Record Trade Gap NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar tumbled broadly on Friday after data showing a record U.S. trade deficit in June cast fresh doubts on the economy's recovery and its ability to draw foreign capital to fund the growing gap.
Rescuing an Old Saver If you think you may need to help your elderly relatives with their finances, don't be shy about having the money talk -- soon.
Kids Rule for Back-to-School The purchasing power of kids is a big part of why the back-to-school season has become such a huge marketing phenomenon.
In a Down Market, Head Toward Value Funds There is little cause for celebration in the stock market these days, but investors in value-focused mutual funds have reason to feel a bit smug -- if only because they've lost less than the folks who stuck with growth.
US trade deficit swells in June The US trade deficit has exploded 19 to a record \$55.8bn as oil costs drove imports higher, according to a latest figures.